a boy named light is shown in the
beginning of the film
at that time light is at his school
suddenly the seasonal changes occur
winds begin to blow and a notebook falls
on the earth from the sky
light finds that notebook and he
scrutinizes it and he keeps it in his
possession here it is exposed
this was not an ordinary notebook but a
mysterious ancient notebook
then it starts raining there light
observes going inside that a mischievous
student of school is teasing another boy
of school and light forbids him to do as
such
while that boy punches light in return
light falls on the ground along with his
bad teacher discovers the home
assignments of other students from
lights back here the secret of light is
revealed that he helps out the other
students in their home assignments
light is sent to the principal for this
cause light is kept in a room
isolated as a punishment sitting in
isolation he recalls the ancient
notebook then he begins to read that
book it was not a normal notebook but it
was stuffed with the statements of rules
there were also rules and regulations to
keep this notebook this notebook belongs
to the centuries ago light senses
awkward getting this notebook the
mysterious happening begins to occur
when he is examining this notebook light
observes a weird things there it was not
a human being but another creature it
was giving a heinous and devilish look
having the pointed body surface
light is scared too much witnessing him
but he understands everything later that
he is not any creature but a death
spirit and this death spirit is the
owner of this notebook
death sprit tells light about the
reality of this notebook as what it can
do
there are some specific notes in this
book which have been called death notes
and the keeper of this book is the owner
of this notebook it means light was the
owner of this notebook at that time the
important fact of this notebook is that
written name of any person on its death
note will soon die the owner of notebook
can kill anyone according to his liking
as light can write any way of killing in
the notebook after selection then the
victim would die according to the
written statement that owner will have
to follow some of the rules
for doing so like does not trust in it
right now
death spirit with book is visible before
that person who is the owner of the
notebook at that time
death spirit tells light you have to
write at least a name in the notebook
within seven days this notebook will be
owned to another person if he does not
write the name of anyone disobeying the
rule the condition to write the name of
anyone
in notebook is that owner must have in
the mind the face and real name of that
person and only way of death
will be written which exist in reality
deaths prince says to the light you must
apply this notebook and light looks at
that mischievous boy through the room
window who is also teasing someone at
that time and he had also hit light
being agreed with death spirit light
writes down the name of that boy in the
notebook he writes the way of death for
that boy as his head will be crushed
then the site of outside is shown which
is immediately changes who cars are
collided with each other while one car
had the
iron ladder in it with which that boy's
head is crushed in reality
everyone with light is left shocked
witnessing it seeing light had started
to believe
that the told facts by death spirit are
based on truth
so the light is very frightened death
spirit tells lie
that you can do many things with the
help of this book i will give this
ownership of this notebook to another
one if you don't want to have this
notebook
afterwards light returns to his house
light's father is seen in the house who
was detective
then it is shown that a criminal had
killed light's mother a few years ago
but that criminal was wandering freely
because of having no evidence so there
was not good association between father
and son due to this
light is angered with his father saying
you are not avenging my mother
light used to be upset because of this
reality then light hits upon an idea
that he may write the name of that
criminal in that death note and he does
the same he writes down the name of
criminal
in the death note then the same criminal
is shown while was celebrating a party
with his buddies
all of a sudden he is dead in front of
everyone the father and son are
satisfied hearing the death news of that
criminal here light avenges his mother
and the relationship between both father
and son also restored
then light thinks how did this notebooks
magic use for the good purpose
light was pondering it sitting at the
school then the girls named mia comes to
him
mia is the bosom friend of light so he
reveals his secret to her
that i have found a mysterious book any
person is dead whom name is written in
it but mia does not trust it light shows
me a demonstration to prove it where
killer arrives on the scene light writes
down about the killer in death note as
he will be dead when a car crashes with
him
it happens the same because light knew
the real name and face of that killer in
his mind
mia is left surprised witnessing it they
plan we are the owner of a great power
so we will eradicate the evilest persons
from this world evilest people
include as criminals murders and such
threatening people
for doing so the face and the real name
could easily be explored through
internet
so they put the evil people's name in
the list and the evil people also begin
to meet their fate gradually here it is
also revealed that notebooks owner can
hold sway over the dying person
light had chosen a name for himself
which was kira as light used to write
the name kara whenever someone died
so the evilest people may leave doing
the wrong deed after being terrorized by
this name that
kira has arrived to end all criminals
and evilest people at first
sight this news is gone viral throughout
the world that a serial killer kira has
come who is continuing to kill
everyone and some people were favoring
kira in this way the evilest people will
be rooted out from the world there was
no evidence against light so it was not
easy to detect him then an intelligence
investigator is hired to tackle this
case that investigator's name was jay
who was very sharp he used to mask his
face and his real name was also
unknown by anyone light and mia were
very satisfied
in their life they had killed more than
400 people jay informs in a meeting that
kira reveal yourself before
everyone being an intelligent j
investigates the roots of this case j
also takes the companionship of light's
father because he
was detective so they may reach kira as
soon as possible light and mia are upset
because they had not thought that it
will be conspired to arrest them because
they were still contented but
jay's arrival had increased their
anxiety light asks his father what will
be the punishment of kira if he is
caught lights father tells half of the
population will demand that kira should
be sentenced to death while half of the
population will force to investigate the
way how he did it knowing it lights
anxiety is more increased he
also reveals it to mia and he suggests
to her that we should stop it now
because there were many people including
light under the suspicion of jay because
he could approach the data of his father
so
jay assigns a duty of an agent to detect
light so he may keep an eye on the
activities of light knowing it like
keeps himself calm down mia feels bad
realizing the lack of interest in
notebook by light because mia was
feeling pleasure of doing so jay had
become the hindrance on the way of light
and mia but they cannot kill him in
spite of their will because neither they
had seen his face nor they got knowledge
of his real name it was also the rule of
the notebook light and mia are talking
over it that name of all agents should
be written down in this notebook you are
detecting carousel other agents may be
terrorized by kira and they have to
close this case reluctantly it was the
suggestion of mia while light was not
willing to do any such thing because he
was not willing to take the life of
innocent people so mia has to agree with
light contrarily jay also comes to know
that kira has victimized those people
who have been shown on tv
and kira cannot victimize those whose
face and name
are unreal before him to avoid the
suspicion light decides that he will not
kill people for some days suddenly an
incident occurs as all agents commit
suicide jumping off the bill where the
agents of this case and searching for
kira these names had not been written by
light who had written their names here a
situation is worsened because cara was
killing the evilest people till now
people were tagging him hero but he had
killed police now so he turned into a
threat who can take the life of anyone
light is troubled because of this
incident he asks death spirit have you
committed it then death spirit tells
these names have been written by anyone
else because i cannot do it lights
father challenges kira in his seminar
that stop killing the innocent
people kill me if you have courage come
before everyone this news watched by mia
and like mia says to him in aggression
write down the name of your father in
that notebook he says to mia how can i
kill my father are you gone mad jay was
more wisely tackling this case he
inspects either kira kill light's father
or not but it does not happen light's
father remains alive so jay's suspicion
on light is turned into
belief because he is also a detective
tackling this case but he did not become
the victim of kira sokira is not anyone
else but
light so jack in front slide at night he
attempts to explore from him that you
are kyra jay also
interrogates light revealing his face he
says stop doing it now like leaves
overlooking him now the sword of
damocles hangs over his head he could
not kill jay in spite of his wish mia
says
i had a great affection for you we
should do something to avoid this
trouble light thanks a lot to keep jay
out of his way he says i have
seen the face of jay and jay's real name
will surely been owned by his friend
light writes down the name of jay's
friend in that notebook and he gets the
control of him now the notebooks one
more rule is revealed here that person
will be secured getting no harm if the
other burns the person's name page but
death spread exposes light it will be
done only for once now jay's friend was
under the control of light but he was
also
unaware about the real name of jay light
orders him know about the real name of j
at any rate jay's friend tells jus to
visit
an academy it is possible that his
documents may have his real name
so light immediately asks him to visit
academy jay's friend carries out the
order and moves to academy lighthead
planned that knowing the real name of j
he will burn that page where jay's
friend name has been written
and he will be secured and everything
will come on its routine but jay's
suspected that his friend is missing he
also understands that whole story that
light had also taken hold of him to know
my real name jay is distressed on it and
he comes to lights house without
informing he tells lights father your
son
is real kira it is he who has
disappeared my friend but light was not
in the state of being suspected because
there was no evidence against mj's finds
nothing in their house while discovering
it nor that ancient notebook because mia
had taken it away with her then light
receives the call of jay's friend who
says i have reached academy and he had
left a little time jay's friend is
nearly to reveal the name then like
checks there is not the page of name but
has disappeared when he is going to burn
it so jay's friend is dead before
telling the names light is dejected on
it then mia reveals their secret in a
dance party that i have torn the name
page of jay's friend moreover i had also
written the name of agents in that
notebook she tells i have also written
your name in that notebook now in the
way of lights death is this his
heartbeat will stop working at midnight
leaving him dead she says i will burn
the page of your name if you hand over
this notebook to me it means mia flirts
with him in order to gain that notebook
knowing about the death
of his friend jay struggles hard to
arrest light at last jay catches light
but jay's says to cook standing there he
is kira help me to capture him but cook
knocks jay out because he was the
defender of kira
light also takes mia with him while
running then they come to the swing and
caught upward meantime police also reach
their light says to mia you will not
touch this notebook if you love me we
will mutually bring things on their
correct form being greedy mia disagrees
with him she grabs notebook from light
light says tamiya seeing it you have
wronged it at all hearing it mia
understands light will have written my
name in this notebook their names were
on the pages of notebook so both
immediately fall down mia is dead at the
spot but light falls into the water then
light is shown in the hospital who had
gone into coma meanwhile more criminals
are also dead people notice that jay had
a suspicion on light who has gone into
coma and people are still dying then i
observed that a page is separated from
that notebook when mia
and light were falling down from the
swing and it is burnt and that paige had
a written name light light had acted
wisely as when he knew that mia had
written his name
in the notebook then he wrote in the
book mia will be dead if she brings back
that notebook from him and the page
which has written name of light will be
burnt and when light fall into the water
he had also written the names of the
evilest persons in the book a corrupt
doctor makes light deeply unconscious
bringing him out of the water later the
same doctor commits suicide then another
man takes that notebook he write many
evil people in that notebook
afterwards that man brings notebook to
light who had come out of the coma
after this jay is terminated but he
discovers mia's house for the last time
and he gets the name of dead police
officers so all
allegations are put on mia light had
also recovered completely and also
gained that notebook but he had learned
a lesson that he will not trust anyone
from now on and the movie also